The amount of hours that you work in a typical day actually depend on
whether you're deployed or not. So, if you're deployed fighting the
war, then I'd say 12 hours would probably be the average. On some days
you get away with working only eight, that's including Saturdays.
Many days, in fact every four days, you're working for a day and a
half. So, you stand your eight hours of normal work and then you have
your General Quarters, which is actually training at night time for
two or three or four hours and then you could have another watch from
midnight until six the next day and you could possibly have your
normal work day tacked on the end of that. So, you know, some days,
if you're really in it, you're working, you know, a day and a half
to two. Sundays were my easiest days where I'd only work for six hours
and that's like a great day for me. When you are not deployed, then
days are a lot easier. You probably get to work around seven and
then you leave around noon so that means your days are only five hours
or six hours.